Susie: Learned how to embed the HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, + JS into Django; which was implemented fully for the home page. Figured out how to set up and scrape HTML forms to send POST + GET requests to Django backend. Modified frontend for homepage to reflect change in initial filter criteria. Implemented homepage form to trigger POST request with user filter criteria upon form submission. 
Chentian:  Same as Piazza update: Preprocessed Airbnb features based on a static dataset, looked into scraping real-time Airbnb data (not feasible because of corporate limitations that Airbnb places on their API), contributed to backend design and Django setup. After Piazza update: queried and saved yelp business data (json) for restaurants in NYC.
Julia: I have been working on the analysis portion of the project with Alonso. We have framed the analysis and written SQL queries for filtering out our Airbnb listings based off of what the user picks. Split the analysis portion into two by filtering then using a heuristic model based off of weights of important features  to give the listing a score and then outputting the listings in descending score order.
Angela: Created the final SQL statement for filtering listings that match the user’s  basic needs (ie. price range, number of guests, etc.). Created and populated the PostgreSQL database that will be used. Connected the database to Django backend. Working with Susie to access user input using POST requests so that database can be queried using these inputs. Currently implemented a dummy view that simply posts 5 listings from the database.
Alonso: Determined several useful parameters and filtering characteristics to apply in our model to output housing that meets user needs. To this end, worked with Julia to write SQL queries and looked into the possibility of using location data to provide proximity-based scoring as well as alternative databases to expand the details analyzed about a particular site. Considering the possibility of multi-stage filtering depending on user priorities but to be discussed further as the project develops.